IDE page update (#611)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/tool/index.md

However, all commands support the following options:

> + The environment variable `{!cmd} REACH_VERSION` signifies what version of Reach to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The environment variable `{!cmd} REACH_VERSION` tells the `reach` script what version of Reach to use.
```

I think specificity and clueing in readers to how Reach works currently would be helpful. @mattaudesse might have additional thoughts.

Reviewer: That's true. @Craig-Elre we can ignore this suggestion.

# {#ref-usage-docker-reset} `reach docker-reset`

This command removes all containers and volumes from Docker.
If you have any personal containers, those containers will also be removed.
Containers can then be restarted in your Docker Images list. It does not uninstall any Docker images.

```cmd
$ reach docker-reset
```

This can be a useful thing to try if your Docker containers stop responding to requests or otherwise misbehave, or if you have updated your Reach images (with `reach update`) but those changes are not taking effect.
It will affect all Docker containers on your machine, not just those created by Reach.

# {#ref-usage-upgrade} `reach upgrade`

> This command downloads the most recent `reach` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command downloads the most recent `reach` script.
```

@mattaudesse can offer any additional suggestions.

Reviewer: We can ignore this suggested change, as well. See https://github.com/reach-sh/reach-lang/pull/611#discussion_r813122045 for more information.
